Reverting (partially) PR 1721: re-introducing apifctl in the docs (#1805)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/integrations/apifctl-cicd-integration.md

---
id: apifctl-cicd-integration
title: CI/CD Platform Integration with apifctl
sidebar_label: CI/CD Integration (apifctl)
description: 'Using Sauce Labs API Testing or CLI, you can seamlessly integrate continuous API testing into your CI/CD pipeline.'
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

:::warning

> `apifctl` tool has been dismissed and replaced with [saucectl](/api-testing/integrations/apitesting-saucectl-integration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`apifctl`  has been deprecated and replaced with [saucectl](/api-testing/integrations/apitesting-saucectl-integration/).
```
```suggestion
`apifctl` tool has been dismissed and replaced with [saucectl](/api-testing/integrations/apitesting-saucectl-integration/).
```

> If you have any questions, please reach out to your Customer Success Manager or Sauce Labs Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, contact your Customer Success Manager or Sauce Labs Support.
```
